"Literature survey synthesis and document identification" 
this is not integrated enough with the work research essence of the thrusts or the pevious valid literature survey work or even that part from oirginal cvin- the first output is a table with info but also a visual o how important or close it is with a score so that I can weight them - the second document needs a pass too - then finally produce a literature survey like a legitamate one as a professor writing a literature survey as a paper to complement and justify and give background and be integrated veery tightly with all the other work. you need more  work understanding, working as a research engineer and academic and go through previouods work more (for example all the sources in oirignal cvin to another chat or two in the project where I uploaded a couple other semi literature reviews over the course of the six years then finally the latest work done). This all needs to be way better, take more time but update what it is you are doing in the ooutput after first outputing a plan to do all this (which can change yes) and way more professional professor of engineering researching an amazing new possibility for THE FACT WE NEED AN ID, digital ID, for cars or any machine for this age like the VIN. We need this all the rest is not important or side stuff likr paying a toll with crypto.. so we need a digital id system and the convergence of this is why we are building all this. Also in additon to all the above please start or phase 1 of ypur action plan for all this is a separte doc expaning on "THE FACT WE NEED AN ID, digital ID, for cars or any machine for this age like the VIN. We need this all the rest is not important or side stuff likr paying a toll with crypto.. so we need a digital id system and the convergence of this is why we are building all this" for a goo d page or two with diagrams - I understand it may take heavy review but I want to see a 2-4 page integrated output asa test to your thinking capacbility -I have already construicted a full academic argument and narrative and need for this work with jus that crux of all croxs fro CVIN ( secure I2I is a cr3ux but not the crux of cruxs... another is repouation which needs an identity .. include cruxs amd the crux of cruxs in this 2-4pager).





---------------------------------------
"Flappy Seal Architecure"
I dont understand 2 and 3 "Standing questions remain whenever you're ready: Q1 GitHub (username · repo name · public/private) · Q2 go/no-go on the v0.6.1 fix batch · Q3 sprint orde"